local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('vest')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name]:FindFirstChild('vest')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('vest')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name]:FindFirstChild('vest')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('vest')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name]:FindFirstChild('vest')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('vest')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name]:FindFirstChild('vest')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('vest')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name]:FindFirstChild('vest')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('vest')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name]:FindFirstChild('vest')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('vest')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name]:FindFirstChild('vest')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('vest')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name]:FindFirstChild('vest')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('vest')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name]:FindFirstChild('vest')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('vest')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name]:FindFirstChild('vest')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('vest')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name]:FindFirstChild('vest')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('vest')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name]:FindFirstChild('vest')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('vest')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name]:FindFirstChild('vest')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('vest')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name]:FindFirstChild('vest')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('vest')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name]:FindFirstChild('vest')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('vest')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name]:FindFirstChild('vest')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('vest')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name]:FindFirstChild('vest')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('vest')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name]:FindFirstChild('vest')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('vest')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name]:FindFirstChild('vest')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('vest')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name]:FindFirstChild('vest')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('vest')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name]:FindFirstChild('vest')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('vest')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name]:FindFirstChild('vest')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('vest')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name]:FindFirstChild('vest')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('vest')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name]:FindFirstChild('vest')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('vest')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name]:FindFirstChild('vest')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('vest')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name]:FindFirstChild('vest')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character.Head
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name].Head:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character.Head
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name].Head:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character.Head
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name].Head:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character.Head
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name].Head:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character.Head
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name].Head:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character.Head
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name].Head:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character.Head
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name].Head:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character.Head
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name].Head:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character.Head
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name].Head:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character.Head
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name].Head:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character.Head
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name].Head:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character.Head
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name].Head:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character.Head
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name].Head:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character.Head
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name].Head:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character.Head
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name].Head:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character.Head
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name].Head:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character.Head
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name].Head:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character.Head
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name].Head:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character.Head
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name].Head:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character.Head
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name].Head:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character.Head
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name].Head:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character.Head
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name].Head:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character.Head
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name].Head:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character.Head
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name].Head:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character.Head
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name].Head:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('vest')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name]:FindFirstChild('vest')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('vest')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name]:FindFirstChild('vest')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('vest')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name]:FindFirstChild('vest')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('vest')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name]:FindFirstChild('vest')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('vest')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name]:FindFirstChild('vest')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('vest')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name]:FindFirstChild('vest')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('vest')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name]:FindFirstChild('vest')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('vest')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name]:FindFirstChild('vest')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('vest')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name]:FindFirstChild('vest')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('vest')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name]:FindFirstChild('vest')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('vest')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name]:FindFirstChild('vest')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('vest')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name]:FindFirstChild('vest')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('vest')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name]:FindFirstChild('vest')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('vest')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name]:FindFirstChild('vest')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('vest')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name]:FindFirstChild('vest')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('vest')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name]:FindFirstChild('vest')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('vest')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name]:FindFirstChild('vest')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('vest')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name]:FindFirstChild('vest')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('vest')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name]:FindFirstChild('vest')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('vest')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name]:FindFirstChild('vest')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('vest')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name]:FindFirstChild('vest')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('vest')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name]:FindFirstChild('vest')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('vest')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name]:FindFirstChild('vest')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('vest')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name]:FindFirstChild('vest')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('vest')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name]:FindFirstChild('vest')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('vest')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name]:FindFirstChild('vest')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character.Head
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name].Head:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character.Head
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name].Head:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character.Head
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name].Head:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character.Head
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name].Head:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character.Head
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name].Head:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character.Head
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name].Head:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character.Head
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name].Head:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character.Head
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name].Head:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character.Head
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name].Head:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character.Head
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name].Head:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character.Head
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name].Head:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character.Head
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name].Head:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character.Head
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name].Head:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character.Head
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name].Head:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character.Head
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name].Head:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character.Head
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name].Head:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character.Head
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name].Head:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character.Head
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name].Head:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character.Head
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name].Head:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character.Head
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name].Head:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character.Head
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name].Head:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character.Head
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name].Head:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character.Head
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name].Head:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character.Head
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name].Head:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)

local players = game:GetService('Players') 
local lp = game.Players.LocalPlayer

local oldPos = lp.Character.Head
game:GetService("RunService").RenderStepped:Connect(function()
    for i,v in pairs(players:GetPlayers()) do
        local foundHandcuff = oldPos:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        local found2 =  game.workspace[v.Name].Head:FindFirstChild('handcuffedGui')
        if found2 then
            found2:Remove()
        end
        if foundHandcuff then 
            foundHandcuff:Remove()
        end
end
end)
